feat(portal): Map apps to consumers (#5847)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_includes/dev-portal/kaa-vs-ace.md

These plugins are responsible for applying authentication and authorization on the Gateway Service or control plane.
The [authentication strategy](/dev-portal/auth-strategies/) that you select for the API defines how clients authenticate.

In {{site.base_gateway}} 3.15 or later, both plugins also look up {{site.identity}} principals to resolve any [plugins applied to a {{site.dev_portal}} application](/dev-portal/self-service/#map-an-application-to-a-consumer), so that Consumer or principal-scoped plugins apply to the application's traffic. 

> Principal lookups are cached, so additional lookups aren't required until the cache is evicted. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{site.konnect_short_name}} caches principal lookups, so additional lookups aren't required until it evicts the cache. 
```

> Cache eviction is controlled at the principal and {{site.base_gateway}}-level.

Reviewer: Worth verifying

> Cache eviction is controlled at the principal and {{site.base_gateway}}-level.

Author: Checking here: https://kongstrong.slack.com/archives/C0AP3D8LJC8/p1783532458389889
